checkbox issue resolved (#3780)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-form-checkbox/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased
* Fixed

>   * Fixed the click area is too large in Fusion theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed issue where click area of a checked checkbox is too large in Fusion theme.
```

Author: > 

> Can you add a gif/screen recording of the fixed behavior to the description?

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/126649018/233263493-e752701c-5eb9-48e9-8129-ec02a4655a58.mov

i have uploaded the screen recording of the fixed behavior.

Reviewer 2: Can you upload this video to PR description
